Hopefully it's okay.
Yusef, we're, we're recording.
We've actually recorded since 2021,
we've recorded 5,000 hours in Vimeo of meetings.
Oh. Uh, before that we did a lot of Zoom
and Uber conference,
and we use Microsoft Stream like streams.
I don't you, Microsoft Streams.
That's like a, that's integrated with the Microsoft teams.
Mm-Hmm. Lot of content, lot of amazing people.
Um, usually we, like,
we just meet people like Yassen Cannan.
We just like, we just, we go direct to them
and be like, what are you working on?
And let us help you incubate it. You know?
Um, yesin Canan is not as in the investment MedTech space.
He's more in what we call the, um, uh, in order
to be a member of your medical, you actually have
to do five hours a month on average of education,
research, or compassionate care.
Uh, that's based off of the founders of, uh, some
of the founding team
of Green Medical were from Phillips Exit Academy.
That's where I went. And that's
where we overlapped about Brighter Horizons.
Right. I think you were at Brighter Horizons then. Yeah.
And then, um, you know, I've always had this passion to kind
of impart the knowledge that I learned at Exeter to,
you know, youth like you.
And that's where we met. How old were you when we met?
Uh, I think I was 12 or 13.
Oh my gosh. Oh, wow.
That's, was that younger than you Isama, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. That's crazy.
You were mentoring a radiologist at that young of an age?
I think so, yeah. 'cause this is back when I was,
uh, assuming I would go down,
It would've been 2014.
So How old are you? It is 2014. It
Would've been 14.
Yeah. Yeah. So, so
behind me is our senior creative advisor.
That's Princeton University campus.
Osama and I run meetings there.
Uh, I'm in the basement of my home
where we have a studio for Green Medical.
Uh, we're just, um, you know, 10,
15 minutes from Princeton University.
I have three children. I have a son,
ninth grade Princeton High School.
I have a daughter who's in fifth grade.
And I have a son that's, um, um, 1-year-old.
Um, I, I am the co-founder.
My father was the other co-founder.
Uh, he passed away Rahm Allah in the past, uh,
just like six months ago, less than six months ago.
He was a physician. He was the best example of what those
minority physicians were that came from India or abroad.
And really, like, they had a successful practice.
They ate, they earned good income.
They had complete control of their schedule and their data.
They actually have their own data.
Unlike now, you know, everything is bought out.
My father was the last practice.
I mean, he, he was probably the longest
independent OB GYN in Western North Carolina.
There probably no one did over 40 years independent.
So, you know, the purpose of today's call is
what we call a biopsychosocial
to kind of get to know who you are.
I personally would like to offer you an
internship opportunity.
I'm sure you're looking for a job.
Everyone's looking for a paid position.
But what we do is we say, look,
do education research or compassionate care.
Be on a podcast, be on, uh, a webinar.
Help us create content about how
to be an entrepreneur in med tech.
But with the following intelligences in mind,
clinical intelligence, business intelligence,
creative intelligence, who is actually Dr.
Ali Hussein is our senior creative advisor.
And then spiritual intelligence.
We have incorporated the spiritual model
into our business plans.
Now, that can be tricky 'cause we never actually,
we don't pay spiritual people.
We, we, we just, if they ask for a favor, we help them.
And then they, if they, if we need to,
if we need help, they help us.
And we work directly with the Office
of Spiritual Life at Princeton University, U Penn, Rutgers,
um, VCU.
Uh, we've recently started connections with, uh, NYU.
Um, and, you know, at the end of the day, my job
as the CEO is to just keep the network alive
because we're still semial mode.
For 10 years we've been growing this network.
We have about 50 senior tech advisors.
We have about 300 physicians, senior medical advisors, Dr.
Ya. Nan has never been the type to kind
of get into any of the business side.
He just does things. Bil Law, he helps.
He's that kind of person. So
whenever we, we have a student that needs mentoring
that fits his profile, we connect him.
And he's done that in the past. Mm-Hmm.
But he's, he's one of 300
and we've kept, uh, a score on all 305.
It's, it's essentially 300 physicians,
about 50 tech advisors,
and then the rest of the a hundred, uh,
or like senior creative advisors,
policy advisors, legal advisors.
So if you have a bright idea today, keep it, don't share it
because it's being recorded.
Mm-Hmm. We are the one-stop shop.
We're trying to be like a Y Combinator one day. Mm-Hmm.
But right now, we're coming out
with our app in the next month.
And the app will give opportunities for people like you
to get access to these people.
But we've changed the model.
No one has to pay to be in the network.
Everyone usually has to know someone or, or have money.
What we've done is we've created something called a Green
Value Unit, where we monitor your education, research
and compassionate care, those five hours a month
of non cbi not for self helping.
And we actually, we actually count that as currency.
And we then use that currency to offset the cost
for meetings with entrepreneurs in the network, per se.
Um, it's,
it's a little bit dow like decentralized autonomous
organizations with the goal of having an NFT,
but we're not there yet, but, right,
Right. I about that. That
was interesting.
Yeah. So, so that's my spiel.
I'm looking forward to off the record, calling you
after I listen to the audio and telling you what I think.
But Osama's gonna take it from here.
And I want to thank you for making time.
I'm, I'm excited about this opportunity to get to know you
because Dallas is a huge hotspot for us.
So I'll let Osama go into detail about that. All right.
Appreciate it.
You said my parents live in Plano.
They have a restaurant over there. How far do you
live? Where in Dallas are you?
I'm in Plano right now. Tell me where and, uh,
Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's, so,
I'm Pakistani.
It's a Pakistan place called Dallas Kabob House.
It's like, uh, it's like Coit and Spring Creek.
I think
I live on Spring Creek, so that's very convenient.
How far is Preston
From? I've
actually seen a few times.
It's like in a little strip on the end of the strip,
And there's a lot of other, like this
or out of restaurants, right.
There's some, there's like,
I think an Indo Park grocery store over there.
There's a CVS at the intersection
there. So yeah. That's what,
Or are you in, uh, he said you're based out of
I'm in Chicago. Chicago.
So my parents moved there about five years ago.
But I've, uh, I grew up in Wichita, Kansas, so that's
where I met Soha when I was like, um, in early high school.
Okay. Um, and him
and I have kept in touch since then as well.
I went to school, uh, from my undergrad in North Carolina.
Um, and, uh, kept up with him too,
'cause his, uh, parents had a house in
Charlotte, so I was near there too.
So I've known say for a while as well.
Uh, I've been working with your medical for about
a little over three years now.
Um, and so like getting to
know people a bit better, uh, with onboarding.
So going over like the biopsychosocial.
So what that, the purpose of going over that is, um,
some places have an application, things like that.
This, that's the application of sorts.
It's, it's like a profile on each individual person
that's a little bit more in depth than I think what most
of the places would ever do.
And it covers, um, the bio part, which is the,
like what covers your biological needs, you know,
what helps you pay the rent, pay for food, things like that.
And so typically that's what your day job is
and that's what, or your status as a student.
So your currently
what year in grad school, is that
what your full-time gig is?
I just finished the first semester
of my master's in computer Science.
How's that going? It's interesting.
Uh, a lot of people go
and join computer science to become software developers,
machine learning engineers, AI architects,
but it's really computer science, the science of a computer.
So it's very distant from the actual
hands-on work you're gonna be doing at least initially.
So for example, the last course I took was all about,
uh, computer architecture.
So it went all the way down to a language called assembly.
So you're the, you're familiar with assembly
and we're specific, like,
we're calling register by register.
Very, very detailed instructions.
When in reality, the majority
of us are gonna be working off of Python.
And not only Python, but like libraries, DUIs, um,
off the cloud where we're very,
very far from the computer itself.
So it was, I would call it, uh, an unexpected surprise.
But at the end of the day, it was very interesting.
Um, 'cause for example, we learned, like for a lot
of cloud engineers, they're working off a
magic computer in the sky.
They don't know exactly what's going on.
And we learned about virtualization, we learned about, uh,
resource allocation, we learned about the
commands after go back and forth.
So it kind of demystified, if you would say, uh, a lot
of the different things that computers do.
Yep. And as far as like
your long-term goals, right?
Where do you see yourself,
let's say you get your master's degree in Shaah in 2025.
What's, what's your ideal
place to be career-wise?
Okay, so these, my,
my career goals are tied very heavily into my personal life.
Um, yeah, they're not other, I'm married at ela.
Um, so one of my plans is to start a family soon in Shaah.
So I would have to begin
with the quote unquote stable job slash profession.
Um, and I would actually line this up
with my actual career goal of entering the field
as an employee instead of entrepreneur.
Um, especially with the field of ai, there's
more to learn than there isn't.
And that's gonna be like continuously to grow.
Like it's, it's a ever-growing, uh, horizon. Yeah.
And the whole goal is to work for long enough
until you find a frontier
or you find a spot to work that you can excel in
and to one day, you know, say goodbyes
and start something of your own.
Um, so the short-term goal, I would say is to enter a
quote unquote cutting edge, um, use case of AI
or machine learning technology
or cloud engineering, one of the two,
those are my quote unquote specialties.
Um, after that, I would hope to move on from entry level
to some form of a senior position where I learn, okay,
this is an individual contributor.
What does it take to run a team?
Because in the future, if you wanna make a real business,
it's not based off of individual contribution,
it's based off of the collaboration between individuals.
So that one plus one becomes three instead of two.
So I wanna hopefully get to a position where I'm a senior
or a manager or a product level manager so I can comprehend
this is the individual input.
How do you combine these to make an actual product?
And then hopefully when you're bumping
around people in corporate for so long, you learn about,
okay, how are people deploying these?
How are people selling this? How are
people, um, growing this?
What is the next page? How do people write the next page?
And so on. Um,
have been told away from joining corporate right off the
bat and making your own startup.
But at the end of the day, if it's your very first startup,
that can be done in parallel with a full-time position.
Um, because you're, I learned that the first business,
you're learning how to start a business.
The second business, you're learning how
to sell, uh, your product.
And the third business, you're learning how to keep
that business running without you.
So it's like the first one. Yeah.
Go and learn how you start up a product,
how you develop something from the front to the end.
And then a lot of people hit this wall.
I didn't ask to see who's gonna buy this.
I didn't even tap to see if there's a market. Okay.
So back to the drawing board.
And then this time you have something
that may be a little bit more profitable, less friction,
more usable to other people.
Then you learn keywords like impact and,
and, uh, customer, customer, uh, preferences.
And then because you've already learned
to get a product done from A to Z, maybe you've learned,
okay, I'm gonna allocate or subcontract this part.
I'm gonna have this outsourced.
I'm gonna do this a little bit more efficiently.
And then let, maybe that will work.
Or maybe you're gonna fail again
and start again from the drawing board.
And now you have this and this and this, and this and this.
And the key here, I think is to start young.
So I would like, hopefully inshallah to join a position
that is in AI slash machine learning.
So there's a little bit of overlap when I'm
learning how to build products.
So that first phase of, you know, entrepreneurship
as a technical individual will be heavily overlapped
with building ai, being a developer, um, learning how
to turn a problem into a product, if that makes sense.
I hope I didn't just big, uh, big words at you
and it actually sounds like a, a well thought out plan.
No, no, no, I get it. I mean,
I've been doing this stuff for the last three years.
I mean, most of my professional experience has been
with startups or late state startups,
and to some degree more of corporate environment as well.
In most, most
of my other professional experience is in higher education,
uh, being on a campus or in, um, higher ed technology.
And so, um, a lot of that is, you know,
has scaled in the last few years.
And so it is been interesting seeing
how of how things develop.
And with Green Medical, I mean, I've seen businesses, people
with ideas that are from infancy to all sorts
of points in the process.
Um, and I myself, like typically hold in, like I do a lot
of the operations with premedical, uh, okay.
Administer a lot of what we do.
And with that, like, I've picked up things like, you know,
project management, product management skills that,
you know, obviously not in like a true setting,
but, um, skills that
nonetheless kind of come up a lot of time.
I have like a Scrum Master's certification where I took,
you know, training to understand what that process is like.
And so I was studying a little bit
for like a project management, uh, for p and p as well.
Um, but, um, no, no, it all makes sense to me.
And it's good that you have like a pretty good idea of what
specific steps that you need to take
over the next few years.
'cause obviously you're in that place,
you gotta think about it, you gotta think about family
and and whatnot as well.
So, so what I'm now curious about is
where does Green Medical come in for you?
Um, yeah,
There's, uh, several things, um, I could gain from
and contribute to Green.
Um, the first off being, uh, like you've mentioned,
like an internship slash first position, there's a lot
of individuals out there who I'm guessing came
to you in need of talent and carefully vetted talent.
You could say, um, I'm looking
for an individual who's also looking for a vetted,
and, um, I don't want to, but, you know, toot my own horn,
but higher level, higher caliber talent,
because I like the type of employer
that throws their employee into a problem
while teaching them on the way, if that makes sense.
A lot of places, entry level means put on hold
until eventually a new project lands on your lap.
Versus, like you said, in the startup world,
they need people to do things.
They need people to solve problems.
Let's not go through training, if that makes sense.
So I know there's a lot of individuals who are in that,
you know, 40 employee to, you know, 60 employee range
or even the 20 employee range that are looking for people
that they can, you know, co work with essentially.
Um, the second front is I have my own ideas, uh,
different businesses I wanna start.
Some of them are past prototype stage, um,
and there are individuals who can guide me on the process of
turning this idea into actual,
uh, progress, if that makes sense.
And results, uh, hopefully, I'm sure there's a lot
of entrepreneurs who are in the tech and medical field,
and using my knowledge, they could kind
of shape me from a student into a action manner,
someone who can accomplish things, if that makes sense.
I learned a while ago that, um,
if you ask someone about a problem they faced,
you won't have to face that problem
because you'll know how to go through it.
Or when you do face it, you won't be lost.
Um, and I kind of got addicted to using that
to like fast forward myself through different navigational,
like tribulations or, or difficulties I face.
So if I can surround myself with individuals who can help
with both fronts, my personal, you know, journey
of being self-sufficient, starting my own business,
making an impact, developing
and driving my own personal product,
or entering the tech field
and benefiting that way, um,
it would be a huge multiplier for me.
Got it. No, thanks for outlining that.
That's pretty, it's a good
understanding of how this also works.
Um, so what a lot of people come to us for is mentorship,
um, or a job, right?
Um, and people are looking for the same things.
People are looking to hire,
people are looking for that talent.
People are looking to invest.
So there is a relationship that happens that, that,
that exists across the people in the network as well.
And so, um, so great, that kind
of answers kind of two things, right?
You went over the bio part, you went over the cycle part,
um, to you elaborate a little bit more.
And typically what happens when I work with folks
that are kind of in your position is, um, I mean,
the first three months that we actively work with someone is
we're getting to understand how you actually do work,
how you communicate, what your drive is like,
how proactive you can be, how easily,
or how well you can synthesize and information,
and kind of get the main points out of the, the information
that's gonna be thrown at you.
There'll be a lot of things that, um, so hey, uh, and myself
or someone else will kind of throw in in things like the
group chat, for example, on WhatsApp.
It's a lot of information.
A lot of it is important, A lot of it, uh, is relevant.
I mean, all of it is relevant and important, uh,
but it's understanding what to get out of that
that's gonna be relevant to you and where, uh, uh,
and, and what to do with that information.
So analysts
that we have, that's their job, right?
It's, it's to get the main points
and figure out what to do with the information.
And that depends on the area that you're in.
We have folks that are specific to pharmacy.
There are folks that are specific to, um, you know,
anthropology or, or things like that.
And so, um, we have like other seasoned physicians
that are in those areas already, that have given talks
that have been in different innovation hours with us, where,
uh, which is, um, an event
where we have typically one main subject matter expert
joined by a few other folks that are in related fields,
but not the same one that offer their insights
that are related to the topic.
Mm-Hmm. So for example, we've had like an innovation hour on
brain health where we've had a neurologist, we've had
a spiritual advisor,
Brain something, brain Health.
Brain health, okay?
Right? You have someone that works directly
with like the organic material of the brain.
They have someone that works with this, that
with spiritual guidance.
You have someone that is like a counselor
and they're gonna have three very different perspectives on
what brain health even means.
But those are events where, um, you know, we've,
we've got folks that provide their expertise
and information, and part of an analyst job is to, you know,
get the main points of what that was and,
and share kind of the, the insights that come out
of an event like that amongst other work
that the folks involved are doing.
Um, right. To create, you know, a, uh,
um, a connection
between the, the parties involved, right?
Because there is a connection. It all exists.
Um, and the purpose of an analyst is
to make do with that information.
So, uh, so that's what typically how it works.
The first three months, you know, we, we set up like kind
of certain hours of the week.
It's usually five to 10 hours depending on the scope
of the work and where you are and what you're dealing with
and, and what projects we've got lined up, um,
that way then we see like how much time you're spending,
and again, how you operate
and how well you work, uh, which then can lead
to like a, um, you know, like a paid position and also, or,
or, or you know, what you said you were looking for,
which is mentorship and
Right.
With other folks that might be more
specific to what you're looking for as well.
So that's a little bit to give you an idea of what
that kind of looks like.
Um, now the other two parts, there's Biocycle social
and what that is, is like who are the three parties
that kind of inspire you most
or have the most influence on you in your life, right?
So you're thinking about that as you're thinking about that.
It's typically what I hear is people mention a parent,
or both parents or a guardian.
People mention maybe Imam
or spiritual advisor family, a partner,
a mentor, or someone they don't know,
but someone that they, you know, they are heavily influenced
by, you know, like some sort
of leader out in the world as well.
Good one. Um, Take a second.
This may be very cliche or over over spoken,
but there's the prophet mohamad sarana.
Um, like for the past few months, like I listened
to the, and it's different.
Like I grew up and I went to a Muslim school, uh,
I learned about everything, and then I went to college.
And you don't forget all of that,
but it, it loses a little bit of its relevance.
You're stuck in the material world,
learning about science is hard, facts,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And unless you're in the MSA
or around Muslim, uh, youth like you, it slowly,
slowly starts to slip away from you.
And the thing about, uh, Islam is, yes, it was taught to us
as children, but it's much, much more relevant to us,
especially as we slowly become adults.
So then you learn like the majority
of the cido was about him in full blown adulthood.
And there's a lot of tendencies.
I have had a lot of outlooks.
I may have had a lot of pasts in life I was about to take,
but I switched them because, well, Moham was my age,
or he was speaking to people my age completely differently.
So it's more so like reinterpreting everything I learned
as a child, and it's becoming more
and more relevant as I age,
and as I face more things that I didn't expect to face,
and difficulties as such.
Um, so number one would be my prophet ham.
Number two would be my father.
Um, my father is an interesting individual.
Um, if you are familiar with Dallas, um, about
four of the major messages were either completely designed
by him or heavily influenced by him.
So he, he's the architect of guy, he's the architect
of Bright Horizons, the S school I went to.
He's the architect of the, he worked
with the people at Epic Valley
Ranch and a lot of different massa.
And growing up I was like, oh, that's just my dad.
And then solely, I'm like, wait a minute.
He came from ACH and he was my age when he got to America.
And Alou, his father already passed away
and his mother was by herself and his sister was, was off.
And this was the period of, of ak uh,
solely becoming more and more destabilized.
And he didn't just come anywhere to America.
He went to MIT Mahala.
And then I learned he was the number two in all of Radha in,
uh, the Bachelorate.
He, he's extremely, extremely, extremely, um, driven.
And a lot of the time when we see driven individuals on
social media, it's ice baths,
it's morning routines, it's this and that.
And it's like, I'm like, oh yeah,
these are all these driven people, David Goggins and such.
And then it's like, wait a minute. My father
for the last five decades has without fail, gotten up
and make huge changes in the world around him.
It's like, as a 20-year-old, you're starting to like,
discover what it's like to actually have
an impact on something.
'cause I was being raised slowly,
and now it's time for me to produce results.
And he's been doing this
for three times my life, essentially.
So it's like that, you know, humanization
of your father from father figure to this life story
that you're slowly, slowly, slowly starting to catch up on.
So I would say my father for that reason, um,
the older I get, the more I'm learning from him and ela.
Um, and the main thing is to, that I'm getting from him, is
to be the thing you do, if that makes sense.
So an example like my dad, when he's designing something,
architects usually pass off their design
and they make a new design.
He's at the construction site being the superintendent.
He knows about concrete, concrete mixing.
He knows about rebar, he knows about this.
He's catching mistakes that save stake the builders million,
literally millions and millions of dollars.
He's right now in like a lawsuit.
And he is very competent in legal litre like, uh,
I did real estate on the side.
And then he would be like, check this contract.
And I'm like, how do you know all of this stuff?
So he is what he does, meaning as an architect, like he,
he's drawn like a little web, like a spider web
with a being architected at the center of it.
But then there's civil engineer, electrical engineer,
everything that touches him.
He is well acquainted with it.
And he's a very, um, if you were to now characterize him,
he's very skeptical, very cynical.
He's always, always, always questioning. He does.
But because he's always on the lookout for being cheated or
or pardon of my language, bss, right?
Yeah. So he's like, I'm not gonna let
anyone tell me how it is.
I'm gonna learn my world so that I tell people
how I want my dream.
Yeah. And then lo and you have, um, the Dallas, uh,
he's built also churches,
and he built, um, Waco's, uh, train stop.
He's built the dart system,
or he contributed to the dart system in, in Dallas.
So Alah like, now you take a building
and then you, you, you zoom out and I see my father,
and then a third one.
That's a good one. Maybe that's an empty spot right now.
Um, if I were to be listening a lot to, uh,
advice from social media gurus, uh, it would be split
between, if you know Alex Ramzi?
I don't think so. Uh, he's, he is, he is a new, like,
um, sensation.
He is all about, uh, generating leads, turning how
to talk to people when you're selling to them.
Uh, and then Chris Voss who wrote, uh, never split the,
I like, I like the way he teaches you to talk to people, um,
to understand what they're saying
so you can actually communicate with them instead
of just talking to their face.
Like, uh, I read this book when I was a little bit younger,
but it did actually affect me growing up.
Uh, like in the way I deal with people,
it's like he's all about negotiating isn't convincing
someone, it's listening to them
to see if you can actually work with them.
Uh, and especially business, it's like yesterday or the day
before, I was at a car dealership
and, uh, for whatever reason, like, uh, my father was there
and we were buying, we were both buying a car for my wife.
Uh, the loan, the 0% a PR finance loan wasn't going through
because a mistake the dealership made.
And my dad usually gets extremely, extremely frustrated
with these things slowly as nothing gets fixed.
And I'm usually used to my dad, like not raising his voice,
but becoming much sterner and frustrated,
and he walks out and they lose the business.
And this guy kept saying, I understand. No.
And like, he let my father explain the point,
and I realized my father wasn't frustrated anymore
because he was understood.
The situation didn't change whatsoever.
And my father wasn't helped at all. But he was understood.
And then at the end of the day, yes,
a a solution was, was given.
But like, it was very obvious too, like,
almost like he read the book yesterday.
The guy would just say, I understand
that must be frustrating.
I completely understand.
And he would say, I can't help you, but I understand.
And then like after 40 minutes of that,
like my dad wasn't, he was like, okay.
Like he understood the situation he was in objectively
without being frustrated, if that makes sense.
Yeah. So That was a big, uh,
turning point, I would say,
in the way I learned to talk to people.
Got it. And the reason we asked question is
because you are, you know, you're typically the product
of the people that you listen to the most, right?
Um, and I can tell
how they influence you, right?
I could hear it. Um,
and it, it in some ways feeds into the next question too,
which is, so this biopsychosocial
and then spiritual or analog, uh, meaning what
values do you have?
What guides you in life that you know isn't from someone,
um, or your work or your personal ambitions, right?
Typically it's religion for people.
For those who don't have like an active faith,
there is some sort of system that they do follow.
Um, I don't come across anyone in the network that's like,
I'm just doing whatever.
You know? There's, there's always a system,
even if it's someone that doesn't have
or adhere to a certain faith.
Um, so what's that for you?
I would say it's trying to remain
fully aware, um, Muslim to Muslim, that I only get one
of these very, very, very, very short lifes.
And as much as it sounds awkward,
the majority of what I'm gonna be spending my time doing is
a distraction unless I turn it into something pertaining
to a form of worship.
And worship doesn't just mean, you know, the religious acts
that you do at the me or making
or whatever, an act of worship can just be,
or trying your best at what you do.
Um, and without that,
people get untethered and they become lost.
So I would say, like, my anchor is,
I only get a few seconds on this planet,
relatively speaking,
and everything around me has existed for powers
of 10 more than I've been here.
So a that put me here,
and he gave me the same shot he gave everyone else a shot
at, and also a shot at the worst position in Johanna.
And this test, Allah already knows what's in our heart.
It's a mercy for us, so that we'll have something
to characterize the way we acted.
It's, it's me who got up and prayed,
or it's me who decided I'm not going to, it's me who gave in
and rationalized temptations versus me who saved them off.
It's all just a self-reflection.
And Islam tells us that so
that we're not completely heartbroken at the way
our life is turning out.
Like, I realize you can make the rah, oh, Allah give me gen
Allah, gimme gen for those,
but he never promised us we're gonna understand
how our life immediately changes because of that prayer.
Meaning nothing in my life has turned out as expected.
And the majority of it has been quote unquote disappointing
or frustrating or more complex than I was ready
to handle, or difficult.
And it turns out well, I made a prayer
or I was going into this new phase of life as
this actual human being, and then I got hit with reality.
And then every single time that happens,
you solely become more accustomed to letting go
or saying, as long as I check these boxes, the majority
of the boxes around me aren't going
to be able to be checked by me.
They're not within my influence.
And then solely, you start to branch out
to other non-Islamic things, and it's all about stoicism,
or it's all about letting this go,
or it's all about losing materialism.
But the reality of it is, it's like, uh, a lu
is going to put you in a position
where it's just enough that you can handle it,
but you can only do so at the cost of growing.
And, uh, if you, and of course those are great words
and all, but if you have to put them into practice,
if you have to live by them, it's a whole different story
because then there's no one around
to record the testament of your effort.
And then it's left on faith.
Like, is this really gonna be remembered?
Am I gonna really get a reward for this?
And then that's a whole different game, which I'm trying
to reconcile with ela,
but that's what has been guiding me to make any major
or minor decision in the last few years.
It seems like you've got, you've had a good support
growing, grown up and now as well.
I was put in the right environment
and my father told me what is correct,
but he didn't coerce me into making the correct decision.
So there's been doors that have been opened to me
that you can't walk back out of.
Um, and then the only thing that kind of carried me through
to make the right decision,
because I, at the end of the day had
to make the right decision, was him very early on telling
me, it's like the real Islam isn't when your parent
teaches you, teaches you, teaches you.
And then once you reach adulthood,
it all falls apart after that.
It's like you have to actually have the bad
or sobering experiences yourself when you're younger.
So my father was a teacher,
but not as much of an enforcer, which kind
of made me sit down
and I was like weighing options when I was a lot younger.
I didn't like any of it, like having
to rationalize, do I do what I want?
Do I do, what he told me about is,
and then you have to reconcile a lot.
So it was more of a, he put me right in the Petri dish
and he let whatever result come come about ela, which was,
which was essentially how you raise someone, in my opinion.
Of course, he wasn't completely absent
and he wouldn't, uh, like be not abuse
or at the end of the day, he kind of miraculously,
'cause he was a helicopter dad, funny enough.
But when it came to my religion,
there was no helicopter dad.
Mm-Hmm. He wasn't on me. Right.
He wasn't on me going Be put on,
go on fast, you need to be doing this.
He would be doing it, and then there would be a spot right
next to him to pray or, or to not pray.
And eventually I, I made one of two decisions.
Yeah. No, in a lot of ways it reminds my dad too. Yeah.
You know, my dad, um, I mean,
in some ways similar story, he ended up, he came
to the US for college.
Uh, he was pursuing like engineering
immigration issues popped up.
Um, he ended up ha working in food service
and then had worked in food service ever since, you know,
and he liked it
because of the relationships he built with people, you know?
Mm-Hmm. He worked in like a corporate setting for a while.
He worked at like a fine French restaurant,
opened up our own restaurant
because he wanted to make sure there was a source of like,
food for people in Wichita, Kansas, you know?
Mm-Hmm. And to make sure that the, the sole work
that he did was in accordance to Islamic law.
And um, you know, and there was a cost to it.
You know, it's, the food business is very tough.
It's up and down frequently. Right.
The restaurant is like one to start.
Yeah. And, uh, you know, my mother came into that as well.
It's not like she wanted to be a cook or whatnot.
She was, uh, she kind of made clothes at home,
basically what she used to do.
And then, uh, since then, we, both of them work
all the time, you know, just to maintain kinda
what they got going on and, uh, all always
wanting me and my siblings, I got two younger siblings, uh,
you know, um, one of 'em is Kansas City, one
of them is in Wichita, so she's finishing school.
Um, and uh,
my dad is like a very disciplined person.
My mom, my mom is a very hardworking person,
but my dad like would be up early,
he'd be getting his things done,
and he would move on to the next thing.
He also, similar to what you mentioned, like about your dad,
about being very particular
and like,
not letting anyone cheat him or something like that.
You know, I hear that in my dad's in the way.
He talks about certain things sometimes,
And it drives you, your kid,
it drives you mad when you're a kid
and then you get a little older and you're like,
Hey, I kind of get it now.
So it like yeah, the cynicism, yeah, it comes across
as a little like, um, like, oh,
people aren't as bad.
But then at the same time, you know, there's, it's, you deal
with enough people in your line
of work when you know your field
and you know your stuff, uh, you know who doesn't
and who's trying to abuse it, uh, abuse the relationship.
So I get what you're saying in a
quite a few things that you mentioned.
Um, and thanks again for going over all of that.
The whole purpose of having this conversation is, is always
to have a better understanding of who someone is,
what has made them who they are.
And, um, you know, uh, it makes it easier to understand
the person behind the work
and the relationships that we've built,
especially when we introduce people to each other.
Um, it's a big difference between us
and maybe other networking groups
where people are looking at the credentials on paper
and the base level in character
or personality of someone, um, which is fine for
what it might be, but that's not what we're doing.
So, um, so anyway, thanks for going over all that.
Um, typically what happens next is, um,
I mean as far as like scheduling
and whatnot goes, what does, how, how busy do you tend to be
through the week and over the next few months?
Good question. So I'm like,
I threw up everything in the air
and I have several options to choose from.
So if no change in my life,
um, I'm gonna be on winter break for a good while.
Uh, I will be gone on vacation for like the next week,
plus a few days, but after that I'll be off essentially.
Um, after that I only have college classes, uh,
master's on Monday and Wednesday from like two to five.
And then I'm free for the rest of the week, week.
That's if I continue
with my master's and I don't put a pause.
I have applied to a AI company in Irving
and I got to the final interview
and the COO was kind of hinting to me
that he's gonna give his personal preference.
And everyone who interviewed me kind of said they're going
to try to put a word in for me.
Um, but it's just the word at the end of the day
until you get a response.
And being the end of December,
I'm not gonna hear anything most likely until mid-January.
So that's kind of a bit confusing,
but I mean, people are kind of used to having a lot
of things hanging in there at once.
So if I have a full-time job,
I guess I would be like most people
where I'm only available in the evenings or the weekends.
Yeah. Um, but okay. I hope that good know.
Yeah, that helps. Um, typically what we're, you know,
it's like typically five hours a week
that we work in the first three months
That's, And that's,
that's usually one hour live like this,
and then the other four that's asynchronous, you know?
Okay. Um, because like you should be able
to do whatever and we can communicate ex, you know,
through like the, the channel and also,
and we have like, we use, um, Asana for like kind
of task management and whatnot too.
So, um, what so Haven I would do is like,
you know, uh, we always review each person understand kind
of where they fit in, what the long-term kind
of plan looks like, because, you know, people aren't, yes,
there's like a period in the beginning where we're getting
to know each little bit more, but people stay in this
for like their, for a long time.
You know, the purpose isn't
to do like a temporary relationship.
It's supposed to be long term and people go in
and out, you know, they get busier, they,
they pull back, things like that.
But, you know, people stay involved, uh, at some point
or responsive at some point.
Someone needs something at some point, someone wants
to contribute at some point, things like that.
So we'll go over that
and what that kind of plan might look like for you.
But if you have any questions, love you to know.
But I appreciate you taking the time
to go over things with me
today. It's very nice meeting you.
Sure, likewise. Um, any questions?
I guess it's a bit specific.
Um, as I am looking for employment, um, if there's a like,
um, so Hebe said that there's like a hotspot in Dallas,
and this is kind of the prime reason why I
reached out to y'all.
Because to me, I haven't seen the glory of Dallas, uh,
but I've been told this is one of the best cities to be in.
And it's like, I look on my own eyes
and I don't see where I could use Dallas to my vantage.
So I'm wondering if I know Sahe is gonna watch this,
if like, I could see the companies here
that would be willing to work
or, uh, hire an individual like me, um,
or individuals in other states, which is another benefit,
but I'm very comfortable working remotely.
So I guess seeing what there is to kind of
enhance my vision, I guess, um,
of the Dallas hopefully make connections,
which I know you said we'd get
to in the future in Shaah, but Yeah.
Um, yeah, I guess about the Dallas scape
and any particular openings to myself.
Yeah. Yeah.
He'll, I mean, I know certain people that are in Dallas, uh,
he's gonna have a much better idea.
Um, but um,
where I'm sure he will, uh, identify a few specific people,
um, and places, uh, what we do, so what I'm doing this
with a couple other people right now too, is that, um,
once we've kind of identified who
and where we, like,
you can apply anywhere, right?
You don't necessarily need us to apply to places.
Uh, we try to specialize in the area
of having those first good degree connections with,
typically with people that are in medicine, for example,
historically, like program directors and whatnot, right?
But, you know, in other places too, it's like, uh, a lot
of people that are in the network are like the co-founder
or they are the CEO
or they are the, the, you know, they manage the teams that,
you know, certain people looking to be on.
And we look to create that relationship
with you, uh, to them so
that they tend to either create a position
or, you know, then they're in a position of like, oh, okay,
let's, let's make something happen.
And these are people that like we already know
I know firsthand or say, Hey, those firsthand.
Um, and we, they're, they're high value, high,
you know, low, they don't have a lot of time,
but they're, uh, high value individuals that
before we even get to the point of introducing your name,
we want to know the scope of what you, uh, can do
and, you know, make sure Yeah, yeah.
Exactly. And obviously like everyone that comes
through Green Medical is doing something right.
Everyone is driven, everyone is, um, uh,
you know, looking to achieve a goal
or continue along their
pathway career-wise and otherwise too.
So, um, it's not, it's, it's never a question
of, uh, integrity, uh, to go over things like that
before introducing people specifically.
It's, it is just knowing that when we're introducing people,
uh, we're behind you, right?
We wanna put you in a position that you're gonna be a,
a good candidate with them as well.
And so that, that's a lot of what I do is like,
work with people individually.
Like I'll give very specific feedback, um,
to people about, like here, um,
it would be like observing sometimes even in like a meeting
or like an innovation hour.
Like, you know, we, if someone's invited to that,
it's not open to everyone.
You either have to be invited specifically
or you're paying to be there.
And I wanna see the inter interaction engagement, um,
and like a, you know, you typically, those are recorded
and then I'll look at them
and I, I look more specifically at like, the engagement.
I look at like, do you see, do you,
are you coming across as someone
that actually cares about something?
Are you coming across as someone
that this person might wanna work with?
Because a lot of this stuff is just personalities, right?
Okay. And that's where I kind of come in is
because I'm not in medicine, I'm not in tech, you know, most
of my experience is in, you know, the advising or recruiting
or, um, in sales and things like that.
And so, uh, I care more about that part
and that's kind of where I come in as opposed to, so, hey,
it was a physician and you who's, you know,
more learned in computer science and, and other folks do.
So it's, it's seeing where they all kind of come together.
So that's that, um, you know, we'll,
we'll be active like in WhatsApp just to keep up
with what's going on, but we'll put together some sort
of like plan with the objective
of like, you know, you want to get a job.
That's kind of the current goal, right? Mm-Hmm.
And seeing what it takes to kinda get to that point.
So, um, he he'll review this. Yeah.
Yeah, he's on call, but he'll be off.
Um, and uh, if you have any questions, let me know,
but this is kind of it for this part of this.
Um, cool.
Yeah, sounds good, Salva.
Well, very nice meeting you,
so I appreciate taking the time.
Um, I was going to come to Dallas this coming week,
but my parents actually think they're sick with Covid, so
they, uh, didn't want me
or anyone to come down, so I might actually just end up
going to New Jersey, so we'll see.
So anyway, enjoy your break.
I heard you're, you're going
on vacation next week, you said?
We're gonna Colorado in s Shaah.
Oh, nice. Yeah, being in Texas, you don't get much, uh,
much fun winter weather.
It's just the desert, so I know.
Uh, we'll catch some snow. S Shaah.
S Shala. All right, sounds good.
We'll enjoy and I'll talk to you soon again. Okay. Talk
To you. Sorry.